this comic con to go back to the whole analogy of kind of like to close
is allocated to the boat again you you definitely empathize with your
family and you understand who you are to them and what you mean
to them and your responsibilities and how you want to proceed going
for with your family but at the same time you have you know career obligations
so that's probably like the biggest balancing job that you
ever do as a person you know is difficult is not easy one thing to
our will definitely you know say if you don't if you if you don't remember
anything up see just remember that you're the neighbor will
always be there after you're gone long after you're gone they will be
here but when you decide to retire who will be there to support you
when you get out and they a something for you to definitely think
about you don't want to stand there by yourself or give your flag to
or give me your your certificates in your flags to like your mom or
something like that you know so keep that in mind when you're about
us and home life and work